(DOCSP-13765):Electron Quickstart with vanilla js and html (#679)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/node/electron.txt

Electron application quickly. To learn how to set up an Electron
application with Realm without using any additional frameworks, see the
:ref:`Electron set up <electron-setup>` instructions. If you have
already created an application using `Create React App
<https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html>`_ or are
interested in integrating a React App with Realm using Electron, check
out the :ref:`Electron with React set up <react-electron-setup>`
instructions.

Before you begin, ensure you have:

- :ref:`Created a {+app+} <create-a-realm-app>`
- :ref:`Enabled {+sync+} <enable-sync>`

.. admonition:: Version Requirement
   :class: note

   {+service+} works with any of the officially supported Electron
   versions. We recommend using the latest stable release. To see the
   officially supported Electron versions, check out the `Electron
   Releases <https://www.electronjs.org/releases/>`_ document.

.. _electron-setup:

Setup
------

.. include:: /includes/steps/realm-with-electron.rst

Open a Realm
------------

Authenticate a user, define a schema, and :ref:`sync enabled {+sync+}
<enable-sync>`, then call :js-sdk:`Realm.open() <Realm.html#.open>` in your

> renderer.js file:

Reviewer: issue: please ensure you are formatting [file names](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/style/text-formatting/) in accordance with the style guide.

Author: 👍

.. _node-electron-client-quick-start:

=========================
Quick Start with Electron
=========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

> This page contains information to get {+service+} integrated into your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains information to integrate {+service+} into your
```

Electron application quickly. To learn how to set up an Electron
application with Realm without using any additional frameworks, see the
:ref:`Electron set up <electron-setup>` instructions. If you have
already created an application using `Create React App
<https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html>`_ or are
interested in integrating a React App with Realm using Electron, check
out the :ref:`Electron with React set up <react-electron-setup>`
instructions.

Before you begin, ensure you have:

- :ref:`Created a {+app+} <create-a-realm-app>`
- :ref:`Enabled {+sync+} <enable-sync>`

.. admonition:: Version Requirement
   :class: note

   {+service+} works with any of the officially supported Electron
   versions. We recommend using the latest stable release. To see the
   officially supported Electron versions, check out the `Electron
   Releases <https://www.electronjs.org/releases/>`_ document.

.. _electron-setup:

> Set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup
```

------

> To set up an Electron application using {+service+} use the following instructions:

Reviewer: nitpick: Does this sentence provide value?

Author: I guess not, removed now 👍

.. include:: /includes/steps/realm-with-electron.rst

Open a Realm
------------

> Have a user authenticated, define your schema, and have :ref:`sync enabled

Reviewer: nitpick: This mixes passive with active voice and tense. Additionally, it strikes me as awkward to begin the sentence with "Have".

Author: Fixed to: "Authenticate a user, define a schema, and enable Realm Sync, then call Realm.open in your renderer.js file:"

{+sync+} <enable-sync>` then call :js-sdk:`Realm.open() <Realm.html#.open>` in
your ``renderer.js`` file:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :emphasize-lines: 17

   const app = new Realm.App({ id: "<Your App ID>" }); // create a new instance of the Realm.App
   async function run() {

     // login with an anonymous credential
     await app.logIn(new Realm.Credentials.anonymous());

     const DogSchema = {
         name: "Dog",
         properties: {

>            _id: 'objectId',

Author: Sounds good, changed to an int
